General Assembly WDI February 23, 2015 Project 2

Overview:

memori is a web application that allows users to easily create a baby journal of important memories. Parents with newborns are quite busy, and don't often have the time to fill out or record all the memories they would like to include in their baby journal. The journals often remain incomplete or go completely unused. memori makes the process of maintaining memories easier for parents by sending a single text message containing a single question from the baby journal each day. The user can respond to that question via text as well, and the site will log their responses. Users can then update their answers at any time. By the end, they will have answered every question in a typical baby journal, and have a full record of their memories over this time. In addition, users can search the Eventbrite API of events their area to help make new memories with their growing family.

memori was developed as a project for the January 2015 General Assembly Web Development Immersive course, over a week-long sprint to gain experience with authentication/authroziation, ActiveRecord relations, APIs, and CRUD applications.

Technologies Used

Ruby 2.1.2p95
Rails 4.2.0
PostgreSQL Database
Heroku (and Heroku Scheduler)
Git/Github
Authentication & Authorization from scratch using b-crypt-ruby
Twilio API to send & receive text messages
Eventbrite API & HTTParty
Testing using rspec-rails and capybara
Front-end design & development from scratch

User Stories Completed:
As a User I want to be able to Sign In securely to make sure my personal info is protected
As a User I want to be able to see all my questions in one place to help organize the process
As a User I want to be able to send/receive text messages with questions/answers to make keeping track of journal questions easier
As a User I want to be able to Sign Out and be sure my session has ended
As a User I would like to read an About page so that I can learn more about how the site works
As a User I want to be able to see a list of events in my area to help make new memories for me and my family
As a User I want to be able to update my profile to make sure the information is current
As a User I want to be able to add children to my profile, and update their info as needed 
As a User I would like to be able to update the information on my children as they get older
As an Admin, I would like to use Heroku Scheduler to make send texts to keep me from having to do so manually

Links:
Heroku: https://memorirocks.herokuapp.com/
Github: https://github.com/ericsorrells/memori
Trello: https://trello.com/b/bkeOGDJc/memori

Process Documents:
ERD: (http://i.imgur.com/9WFdY39.jpg))
Wireframes:
(http://i.imgur.com/mhgPjKV.jpg)
(http://i.imgur.com/OIg40zD.jpg)
(http://i.imgur.com/H722rDL.jpg)
(http://i.imgur.com/MqVTboO.jpg)
(http://i.imgur.com/68lov6V.jpg)
